- repeat watching the youtube freestyle swimming video to get more details, compare with my pratices
- find some videos about japanese videos for freestyle swimming to learn japanse language
- listening zelta videos and shorts to increate my listening ability and feeling the japanese language, try to understand the meaning of the video speaking, what I love the video is the daily words of the japan, and can learn some game skills from the video, also love the audio speed and the lovely voice of the video.
- pratice the swimming skill, record the distance of my swimming, checking the result and number for my swimming. Now i can swim 1500 meters in one hour. My best speed is 90 seconds for 50 meters, but the professional speed is 30 seconds for 50 meters, so I need to improve my speed and strength.
- watch a match of swimming
- as a result, I like the american swimming video very much than the japanese, maybe the american looks more awlsome?
- watch a system video and c# video
- I dont think I continue learning is suck, I love the feeling of learning new technology, may be.
- I think I just spent one hour at swimming, but actually I spent time to watch the video, to think about improvment, to gather more information about the swimming, to record and analyze my swimming data. So I think I spent more time on swimming than I thought.
## Whats the next step?
- So, and I happy? maybe or not, I need to do more things to make me happly, get more experience.
- Dont care about your current stage, pratice, growth, learning, more pratice