> It's hard to make a good sentence.
> It's easy to make a sentence.
> It's better to make a bad sentence and so on.
> you'd better to make a good sentence right now.
> I need to make some sentences until the end of the day.
> I can make a short sentence.
> You should make a long sentence.
> He have make a good sentence.
> She have made a good sentence.
> They never make anything to help the world.
- it already makes a good sentence with you and me.
- I just want to say that I'm very happy to see you and your dog.
- you can chooose to make a good sentence or a bad sentence.
- you write test
- you write your test
- you write your first test
- you write your firt unit test
- you write your first unit or integration test
- you can write your last unit test.
- you must immediately write your last unit test.
- It is clear
- It is very clear
- It is very clear how to test your code with framework.
- It is very clear how to write your blog with apb framework.
- you create the solution.
- once you create the solution, you need to train the developer.
- once you create the solution that has tests code, you typically need to train the developer to make them understand the system.

### 7.16
- assembley and viewer
- assembly and source viewer from who?
- glass from shop
- the blosks are divided by kinda-sorta
- how are the blocks divided? looks like what blocks? looks like what kind of blocks?
- I add a line
- I add an empty line
- I add an empty line before any target.
- I add the hold line before any jump target.
- I am debating
- I was debating
- I was debating whether it's a goode idea, but it does seem nicer than without it.
- It does seem slightly nicer than without it.
- this looks interesting
- this looks super interesting. Why is that counted as a part of the 'return' though?
- I haven't looked into it, but cool be a few reasons: I have a bug; disassembler has a bug; compliler has a bug in debug symbols.
- I was wondering if I was missunderstanding something. this concept 
- work is lovely though 
- levels of the way
- views into multiple levels of the way
- the whole concept of views into multiple levels of the way is a bit confusing.
- this is why I followd tho in the first place to get the interesting posts about the go egosystem.
- I need to check it out
- I was a little bit sad about the failed of the sencond interview of intrudcuce myself in English
- In china, doubling down on tiger conservation looks pay off. In the last decade, the number of tigers has doubled from 100 to 200
- I was a little frustrated about the failure of the second interview of introducing myself in English
- I was a little frustrated with the second failure in the inverview of introducing myself in English.

### 如何理解语法

假设一个简单句子就是一个 function(param...) {...}

举例：I am reading  ==> function = can, param = reading and I，模板即为 A am/is/are B

表示成树状结构，使用前序遍历就可以组成语法树 

掌握了模板，我们就需要掌握模板具体的模板对应的词了，这样我们就具备了造句能力